Full Name: P34 
Sex: Male 
Age: 18 
Height (in inches): 75 
Weight (in pounds): 150 
Race (You may select multiple, use the provided guide made by the U.S. Dept. of Ed): Asian 
What country or countries resonate the most with your culture?(If multiple, separate with commas): India 
Religion(Select Atheist if none): Hinduism 
Minutes of activity per day: 97.5 
Days of activity per week: 7 
Give a brief description of your active lifestyle(Could include: Walking, Sports, Gym): Weightlifting, Walking, Running, Bicycling 
If any, provide a brief description of any medical conditions relevant to dietary needs.(Could include: eating disorders, genetic diseases, diabetes, obesity, anorexia): None 
Taste Preferences(Select all that you enjoy): Umami (Savoury) 
Textural Preferences(Select all that you enjoy): Smooth 
Spice Tolerance: 5 
Do you have a preferred national cuisine? (Provide the country or countries. If multiple, separate with commas): Indian, Mexican 
Do you have an existing diet plan? If so, providing it will aid the AI in matching your needs.
Upon receiving the AI generated diet plan, we will ask you to identify which plan you find more beneficial for further research purposes.: None 
Are you Vegetarian/Vegan/Pescetarian?: No Restriction 
Do you only eat Halal or Kosher food?: No Restriction 
If any, please list all types of food you are allergic to.(If multiple, separate with commas): None 
If any, please list all types of foods to avoid in the making of the diet.(Could include religious prohibitions. If multiple, separate with commas): None 
How much money are you willing to spend per week on food?(The more, the better quality food): 200+ 
If comfortable, provide your Yearly Gross Income.(This will give the AI a range of certainty): None 
Goal weight maintenance: Maintain current weight 
Goal physical activity maintenance: Maintain current activity 
How many meals per day would you like?: 3 
How willing are you to try new foods?: 4 
